HW4 Due 11:59PM November 15

***There will be no reviews for this Homework***

Please write your answer in this file.

1. What did you essentially learn in this course about design?

Please provide individual responses to this question here (state your name and write in short paragraphs below that).

Madeleine Wilson
The most important things I am taking away from this course are how to break down functions into abiding by the
single responsibility principle, how to embody/implement YAGNI, and practicing consistent and logical syntax convention.
Looking back at projects I created before taking your class, I see so much poor quality code.
Every single project I've ever boasted about now seems so subpar.

It's been such an exciting and humbling experience, having to shift my entire thought process to taking tiny steps,
breaking things down to their smallest components, and resisting the urge to add unnecessary and cluttering
functionality. During last semester I wrote a simple 3rd person shooter style game in order to teach myself Python.
After 'completing' it and then finding a few fatal bugs, I completely 'refactored' it - or what I thought was
refactoring. With what I know now, I have the strongest impulse to truly refactor and also implement testing in
that program because quite honestly, it's hot garbage.

Harrison Hayes
Throughout this semester the number one thing that I learned in this course is that if I think I need something at first,
I probably do not. This course showed me how to take my intuitive design and break it down into smaller parts
that are more simple to understand, use, and extend using SRP and OCP. In doing so I also learned that design will
always evolve. Your initial design may not be great but its a starting point and you can break it down, build on it,
and even shave unneccessary bit of it away.

The other side of that coin was learning how to collaborate effectively with a partner while having extremely different
and really busy schedules at times. We would get code in periodically, recieve feedback then debreif on it, then continue
with the project. This is basically the feedback loop that you were talking about more towards the beginning of the
year but I feel this class really allowed us to get quality exposure to what that is supposed to look like.

2. What are some of the general guidelines you would follow when designing?

During the semester when doing our assignments we did tend to follow a routine. When we would get the
assignment we would go over it with each other and make sure we were on the same page with what it was
that was being asked of us. We would coordinate a way to make sure that we would split the work decently even.
But then we realized that our initial design was rarely a good design.

After we started to understand the structure of how the projects should be laid out and how they should be designed
using all the rules learned in some of the videos, we would try to see how we would design it and how we would
create a quality test suite. We would write out tests that we would create and we would start to scaffold the bare
minimum and send it in to see if it was quality work and in the right direction that you wanted us to go.
As the feedback loop progressed we continued to learn about how you wanted the structure of our projects and how
we should be designing the project to maximize reuability and to minimize how invasive making changes in the future
would be.

As far as dividing up work, we did have some guidelines on that as well. We wanted each other to get to touch a little
bit of everything in order to give both of us exposure to everything that was going on in the project. There were
times were this wouldn't line up right because our schedules but we did have a way to work around that. At the end of
every project we would get together and recap and make sure we both knew exactly what was going on so that we both
had the same understanding of the project as a whole.

